Fix broken ocp links cluster (#8069)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/support_troubleshooting/trouble_vm_cluster_mce.adoc

[#resolving-the-problem-vsphere-fails-tag-mce]
=== Resolving the problem: Managed cluster creation fails with insufficient privilege for tagging

> Ensure that your VMware vCenter required account privileges are correct. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/installing_on_vsphere/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned#registry-removed_installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned[Image registry removed during installation] for more information. 

Reviewer: 4.13 we cannot/should not point to.

Reviewer: Changing to this area where the topic is:

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.17/html/installing_on_vmware_vsphere/index

> Ensure that your VMware vCenter required account privileges are correct. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/installing_on_vsphere/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned#registry-removed_installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned[Image registry removed during installation] for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your VMware vCenter required account privileges are correct. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.17/html/installing_on_vmware_vsphere/installer-provisioned-infrastructure[Image registry removed during installation] for more information. 
```
